i know that this past week has been very
exciting in terms of election stuff
but we are actually very excited because
november 9th is a big day for us we're
going to be launching a bunch of spots
or opening up a bunch of spots
in our coaching program so if you guys
haven't been able to get into the
program we hope that you all will be
able to get in on
november 9th coaching for those of y'all
who don't know is not a medical
treatment so it doesn't
it's not designed to treat depression or
anxiety or anything like that
it's really for people who feel kind of
stuck unmotivated
don't know how to kind of move forward
in life um
maybe feel like they don't know what to
do with themselves or things like that
it's basically like designed for the
problems of our community
we're you know if you really think about
medical treatment it's like
anti-depression right like so
like antidepressants we're not really
like anti-depression we're more like pro
happy
so it's about building a life that's fun
finding a community that you enjoy
doing like helping yourself helping you
learn about your behaviors and what
controls your behaviors and your
emotions so that you can start acting
in a way that's aligned with your values
and so that's that's a big part of what
we do in coaching
and today we actually have a stream to
kind of hopefully reflect on some of
those
issues so we're going to be talking with
someone from our community about
self-esteem and confidence
so we'll see where that goes
okay and welcome um thanks for coming on
and and what's your and what do you go
by
minnie minnie and what are we talking
about today minnie
um i was like
yeah of course oh my god she's using my
own techniques against me
i'm just really nervous i can't think
straight
okay um you can think crooked no big
deal
yeah just in a second okay
okay do you want to sorry nope for what
for using my techniques against me yeah
i said this day would come they said
what is dr k gonna do when someone's
[Laughter]
yeah so what are you nervous about it's
okay to be nervous
oh um i don't know i've been nervous
this whole week to
to talk to you and like be on stream
okay but um let's start with what does
that mean
you've been nervous all week can you
tell us about that um
like uh my heart wouldn't
like stop beating if i thought about it
and like
i just my stomach hurt all the time and
like oh my god
sorry that sounds really oh
what are you sorry for
i don't uh like
i don't know okay do you feel like you
did something wrong
do you feel like you did something wrong
just now
a little bit yeah it's weird right yeah
yeah sometimes we feel like we do things
wrong
and so if i were to tell you i don't
think you've done anything wrong
how would you what happens
in you if i say that
um i think i'd have like
split uh reactions like
one would be like oh okay he doesn't
think i did something wrong
but then the other would be like well i
i feel like i did something
very good yeah yeah it's weird how that
works right
so there's a part of you that is
reassured and then there's a part of you
that's
not reassured yeah yeah
cool were you were you nervous about
doing a bad job
yes well you're doing an awesome job
really because even when you share with
us that like hey there's a part of me
that would be reassured and there's a
part of me that would be like
i'm still doing a bad job he's just
being nice
yeah i'm actually messing up right
and and sometimes i didn't even do
anything yet
right so so here's the thing so if we
really look at that
um minnie it's like the feeling of doing
a bad
job doesn't actually come from our
interaction it doesn't come from
anything that you do
it just comes from you
yeah right and you're doing a great job
because this is exactly what people
with is what we're here to do you're
doing it even if you do a bad job that's
still a good job because people
come here to do a bad job and then we
learn about it
and so you can't you literally can't do
a bad job
but you can try i like your room
sorry uh no it looks great thank you
what do you like about it i like the
chair
in the back yeah it's a cool chair
sorry what did we mess up again
no no i um i'm just getting flustered
i'm okay
okay okay it's okay to get flustered
it's gonna be a painful hour and a half
minnie
[Laughter]
good luck with that
can i drink some water please absolutely
drink water stay hydrated
we're gonna need it um
so i understand that you wanted to talk
some about self-esteem and
and confidence yeah can you tell me what
you mean by that
um so
hmm where'd i start so i
i've kind of when i was little i didn't
really
struggle with like confidence issues
like i thought i was really cool and
i didn't worry too much about like
messing up or anything
um i mean i did but it wasn't
to the point of like you know shaking my
leg and
uh having a panic attack but
uh but like
in i think near the
end of middle school and then all the
way up till now
um i i've
i i've been noticing that i don't
really feel good about myself
at all okay i kind of just hate myself
okay um yeah so i guess
that's what we're here to talk about
cool
i mean you know not cool that you do
that but cool that you're here to talk
about it
um and i i noticed that when you say i
kind of hate myself you laugh
right and and what's your understanding
of of
what you feel when you say that and why
you laugh
um well i kind of laugh
when i talk about my prob like problems
because i feel like if i
say it in a serious tone um people are
gonna think that like
it's too much and
yeah yeah okay
so i guess i just like laugh when i
when i'm saying something
uh regarding like my mental health
sure so when you say people are gonna
think it's too much
what would be too much about it
what's more than people can handle what
makes it more than people can handle
well i think
when
when someone talks about like
if they're feeling sad or upset or
anxious or something
um i usually think that
people won't like to hear about it so
yeah because yeah because that kind of
stuff
like spreads what do you mean that kind
of stuff spreads what does that mean
like i think
talking to someone with
um anxiety and depression can like
at first you can it can be helpful to
talk to them but like you can also get
trained in the process of like
talking to them so i don't want to do
that to other people
okay so what i'm hearing you say is that
sometimes
you can it can feel good to talk to
other people but then
you can almost become addicted to
burdening them yeah
yeah definitely okay so i noticed that
you said that's a
good word yeah yeah yeah
i choose my words carefully um
so let's think about a couple things i i
want us to pay attention to okay minnie
one is people are gonna think
right so so like let's see how much of
what causes you suffering
is people are gonna think so that's
gonna be like a key phrase
that we're going to look out for okay
okay
um second thing is you know i think that
being a burden
is something that we can also kind of
keep an eye out for
um and so let's see if we can pay
attention and even if people are
watching
um if they can sort of like pay
attention like let's see if we can learn
and maybe
okay but you can see it too okay
so you said that um around seventh or
eighth grade you started to
use a strong word you said hate yourself
or you said that you hate yourself
what do you hate about yourself
well like i kind of hate
myself well i was thinking about this
the other day
and good for you
um like exterior wise
i just hate how i look but
interior wise like on the
inside i just feel like i'm a shitty
person
it when it's extreme and like i just
feel like
i cause people around me like
sadness and i don't like that about
myself
you close people around you sadness
burden
yeah burden there it is okay so good so
we caught it okay so and you say on the
exterior
so that's a strange
it sounds to me like you're trying to
avoid saying something
when you say on the exterior we i assume
we're talking about your physical
appearance
yes yes okay sorry my words sometimes
like yeah i i like
try to think of a word to say but then
like i can't really think about it
yeah um
so i'm not gonna try to be harsh here
but case
case in point we just had a i don't know
if you were watching the stream but we
just had someone say that they
you know they're ugly and me and
no no no no not you oh they're like they
were talking about themselves
that's true no don't say that but if
they said that about wait hold on so you
say don't say that about themselves but
if they had said that about you
then then what would be your reaction i
mean i'd agree
let's say
right no no so they were talking about
themselves
right so and and so i'm just curious
whether that
word feels loaded to you and you avoid
using it for a particular reason
which which word ugly
um yeah it's a
it's a loaded word yeah definitely
and what's it loaded with
it's like a lot of
i mean when i think of the word ugly it
can't ever be like
good if that makes sense
yep so there's that and then
it can make other people really sad if
you say to them
[Music]
then ah yeah
okay so i'm gonna ask you a couple of
questions
okay okay so number one is ugly is like
comes with permanence and hopelessness
there's like no chance for change
yeah wait
well to
i don't know i think
but at the same time i think ugly is
kind of subjective
like okay i would agree
but okay so see like what just
happened there like
so it's interesting right because we you
kind of talked just earlier you said
like ugly is like
can't do anything about that but then
so i want you to notice as we just start
to like look at your
your feelings and not we don't say
you're wrong
right so i i didn't say minnie don't
think that about yourself
you know you're beautiful we're all
beautiful
that's what my friends like to say yeah
right and
so let's think about that so so i i
think if people
i mean the impression that i got was
that you had a little bit of a light
bulb go off in your head
as we started to look at ugliness it
sounded like you felt pretty hopeless
about it but then you were like but
actually
it's actually kind of subjective so i
don't know if we got to the point of
maybe i'm not
but i got the sense you were looking at
it in a way that was a little bit
calmer
and the interesting thing is what
happens when when you feel ugly and you
tell your friends when you burden them
right and what do you say to them
about what i about being feeling ugly or
feeling
like you don't like your exterior as you
put i don't know like
i was just talking about this with my
other friend yesterday
um i was telling her i felt like not
confident about
how i look and then she was telling me
that like
um that i was kind of like self-sabot
sabotage
sabotaging myself then i told earth that
i'm
sorry and i i sound really frustrating
and i felt that too like that's what i
told her
and so let's think about that exchange
right so
you express a vulnerability to her
she tries to help you with it
tries to maybe reassure you maybe tries
to give you a way forward
and then how do you respond
i'm sorry yeah right
so let's think about that so so um so
that's just that's one possibility so
that's gonna be the possibility
of reassurance or problem solving like
if we were to tell you minnie i think
that you are not ugly at all
i think you're a wonderful person
actually that's not even about your
physical
appearance i've trained myself so hard
to not comment on people's physical
appearance that i find it
actually hard to comment yeah
like so if because i think it just it
just messes things up but if i were to
call you pretty if i said minnie you're
very pretty
right what would you say how how would
you react
i'd probably say thank you like
yeah but then on the inside i probably
think
no okay so there's an important lesson
to be learned here right so the first
thing is that like
when people try to tell you that you're
wrong you just
dig your heels in he heals and deeper
right like you're just like no
incorrect yeah okay like my immediate
response
yep and so then then okay so we've got
burden we've got sort of the the idea of
like reassurance
doesn't really work um
so let's try to figure out if there's
some way that we can help you with those
feelings
without telling you that you're wrong so
you said
kind of switching gears for a second i'm
going to ask you a little bit more about
your past is that okay
okay sure so you said around seventh or
eighth grade is when you started to be
started to feel what exactly
just like self-hatred but also
a lot of depression like depressive
phase episodes and like anxiety
okay did you see and you're allowed to
not answer
any question you don't feel comfortable
with right but um
i think it would just be helpful did you
see a mental health provider who
during that time okay so it sounds um so
like
not then but starting high school
uh and then up until today like i saw
therapists and stuff okay and do you
find that helpful
yes and no good answer
so what's helpful and what isn't
so i've seen about six therapists
now because uh
half of them was because we just didn't
click
and then the other half was because i
had to either move or like
just technical things um
but all of them they were really helpful
in like helping me find resources like
like who to call when you're not okay or
like
um or just like yeah
stuff like that but and also they were
helpful with
helping me like identify a problem
that makes sense but then
i felt like and i've definitely made
progress
in like the sense that i can get up out
of bed now and do
work and that kind of stuff but
um i think everything after
realizing a problem and giving it
technical solutions hasn't really
worked out yet what do you mean by
technical solutions
like stuff that
um stuff like
like i still feel like [ __ ] but i can at
least like
sorry my brother passed by i still feel
like [ __ ] but
um i can at least like go about my day
now
okay so let me see if i
understood you correctly so it sounds
like um you know there have been times
where they provided you with resources
that have been helpful
um i commend you for you know not
sticking with people that you didn't
feel like were a good fit
i think that's really important so a lot
of people think that you know if they
see a therapist
and they don't like it they don't like
therapy but you may just
not like that therapist right it's kind
of like going to a restaurant and saying
oh i hate all restaurants and it's like
you just
may not like that kind of food right
um so that that's really awesome on your
part i think you
you know i i commend you for doing that
and what i'm also hearing from you is
huh yes sorry oh no you could you can
um so then the next thing that i kind of
heard which is
you know tricky but i'm glad you're
being honest about it is that like
you're kind of living your life like you
can get out of bed and stuff
but internally you still feel like [ __ ]
i think i can live my life to the extent
where
it doesn't pain other people to see me
upset like family and friends
but um yeah that's why i was
i wanted to talk about self-esteem
because i just feel like i'm not good
enough to try like
new things and and stuff
okay so there's that
look at you steering the conversation oh
no not me shocking
right now how do you feel when i point
that out to you
um
i feel like i've been called down called
out
yeah i called you up that's because
that's what i did yeah i feel to be
called out
bit embarrassed what are you embarrassed
by
um
uh i'm not i'm not sure
okay so the first thing is when i called
you out is that a good calling out or a
bad calling out
i'm not sure okay cool actually yeah
yeah so who are we here for today minnie
me yes
that is the correct answer how does that
feel
[Music]
uh
bit weird yes
yeah that is the right answer too what
feels weird about that
that i'm uh
having a therapy session with the dude i
saw
on youtube uh for the past month
in front of thousands of audience
again not the answer that i was
expecting but a fair one
what i was what i was expecting was
that you know like you don't we don't
i don't imagine that you do many things
in your life where you come first
where it's about you and it's about what
you want
right i'm not
i'm not sure if that's true tell me
about that i just
i don't know like um when i was getting
therapy
like for the first time um
i felt really selfish because
my mom didn't want me to
uh and my dad either i don't think they
realized i was depressed but i was
thinking
what's going on i guess just like
teenage angst or something and like i
was
having problems with like toxic
friends and stuff so i guess they
thought like we had a fight and i was
feeling sad about that
but i was kind of realizing that
um something was wrong so
i wanted to get therapy but
my mom was
well she didn't really like she
preferred she told me that she preferred
i didn't
get therapy but also i like told her i
wanted it so
she did look for a therapist but it was
taking like two months
and i needed help like then so i went to
like
my school counselor and then told her
about it and then i was kind of like
you know uh
taken to therapist okay
and then that didn't really
make my mom happy or am i done yeah so
why were they upset
i guess they just didn't want the school
to know
and they didn't want things to escalate
uh which i understand
because explain it to us
um
like i know
i feel like i should have waited two
months for my
first appointment that my mom
assigned me up for instead of
going to the therapist i mean going to
the school counselor the day after
and then telling her that i was feeling
really upset
and slightly suicidal
and stuff oh it's like it's just
like wait
sorry guys i shouldn't talk about
suicide so casually but like i mean hey
you do you this is your time minnie
there you go are you would you be
burdening people if you talked about
suicide what will people think how will
you affect others
i know some people can get very
uh triggered when suicide is talked
about casually
like i was kind of like that
when i was feeling suicidal so let's
understand that
um well
it was more so that when i was feeling
when i was very depressed and suicidal i
i would joke about it a lot
but then what
but then when other people did it it
made me a bit upset
so hypocritical of me but like yeah
so it looks like you just took a quick
chance to beat yourself up there
i did yeah did you not
does that what did i do you called
yourself a hypocrite
oh wait but like that was hypocritical
kind of
sure i i don't doubt that you have a
good reason for
feeling that way or believing that but i
just still want to point out that you
did it
right because when we beat ourselves up
like we don't have bad reasons
it's like when i look at myself in the
mirror i'm not like oh my god
why don't you have gills and flippers
look at how human like
we pick things that make sense all right
okay yeah yeah sorry it was no sorry
yeah um
okay so um can we actually go back to
seventh and eighth grade for a second
sure so uh
when did this stuff so you started to
feel what
around that time like end of middle
school
so like uh i was in a lot of
middle school drama
[Music]
with like friends during that time
so not like theater no no
no like uh like you know
fighting with friends and uh getting
backstabbed and
you know stuff like that
what do you mean getting backstabbed and
stuff like that
can you oh i don't want to get into the
middle school drama
um why not you don't have to but i'm
just curious why not oh um i just
i feel like i've i should be over it
kind of yeah okay should be over it
okay i just get another set
yes you can hydrate as often as you want
to
hydrate yourself um
so if someone says i should be over it
are they over it
no no right
and so you got to be careful minnie
because like i hear that also that self
judgment there that like
you're not over it and then we're not
going to talk about it because you
should be over it
yeah right so it's like if i'm bleeding
and it's like
oh my god i shouldn't be bleeding and
then i'm like do you want a bandage and
you're like no no no
no no i shouldn't leave you bleeding
so i i don't want the basic
and then like
how do you feel about telling us you
don't have to
but you know i think it's like i think
it's important
that i do though and i i want to
but like yeah but what but
the but the self-judgment part of me is
like
no okay good so now we're gonna pause
for a second before we get into it so
minnie i want you to pay attention to
what you're about to do because it's
about to be awesome
okay so you are judging yourself
and that voice inside of you is saying
you shouldn't say this
right it's like how dare you you should
be over it it's beating you up
and then you are about to not listen to
that voice
so remember that there are two ways to
deal with self-esteem
for lack of a better term or for just
one conception
right or one kind of structure to think
about one is that we make the
self-esteem the self-hateful thoughts
decrease so that we don't have them as
often
the second thing that we can do is not
listen to them
don't let them dictate our life
right so there's a difference between
that beast existing
and that beast controlling you
and so what i think is actually really
cool is that if you you know do tell us
the story now i feel like you can't
not tell us because then oh no
you really you don't you don't have to
but i just want to illustrate a point
but like you know because you don't want
to you're like i shouldn't i should be
over it like it's dumb but then you say
like i want to so like
there it's that same part that you talk
talk to us about where there's like
you know you know the the part of you
that says oh thank you very much and
then
but i'm still a terror you know they're
like
it's that war between the two parts of
you so you know if you share that story
with us what you're doing is actually
like learning how to like
not listen to that part it's gonna keep
speaking for a while
and we'll get to that but does that make
sense
yeah you are acting in spite of your low
self-esteem and your self-judgment which
i think is a really important skill
to have so what happened in middle
school i i could use a dose yes
you know decent 12 year old drama yes
it's friday afternoon you know
um yeah so
[Music]
sorry i'm just gonna think for okay
uh
okay i'll think i'll talk about the one
that affected me the most
um so i had
i had two friends um
we'll call one a and then we'll call one
b
um so and i
started and i were really good friends
in middle school
um but
she was
um starting like seventh eighth grade
she started getting very depressed for
her own reasons
um and i really
wanted to like help her not be depressed
because
you know it made me sad that she was sad
i think honestly in retrospect i did it
more out of like
me not wanting to feel sad around her
rather than me wanting to help her
but but so i tried to help her
you know be there for her hear her when
she
like ranted about stuff uh but then like
you know i didn't understand that she
needed a therapist
back then so
so the summer before high school started
um she tried to like attempt suicide
um and it was kind of traumatic for me
because
for like three days i couldn't reach her
like through phone or anything
and uh the last thing she said was like
i love you
so i was like the [ __ ] going on and
then i even went to her house
and then only after three days
like she finally texted me saying that
she was at the hospital
and i couldn't really go see her
because like both our parents were like
both her parents and mine were like
let's not like you know
so uh
so she did that but she was she did not
you know she only attempted but she was
still alive and stuff
uh so
there was that you know
dealing with her this doesn't sound like
middle school drama to me
oh um this is the last middle school
drama this is like
actual like scary events
yeah i was like
i was like i'm not i'm a little bit
terrified how this is
into like middle school drama because we
haven't heard anything about b
it's like is b gonna start you came for
the
like you came for the beast but you left
with like
back okay yeah you came for the what
oh no nothing yeah
so um there's there was that and then
uh entirety of freshman year was just
like
us being depressed together and then
uh at the end of freshman year she moved
schools
uh without like telling me uh
and then like i also moved schools
uh because i didn't really want to be in
that school
uh so that's the first a friend
then be friend um
be friend i was friends with her in
middle school as well
and then this was like seventh to eighth
grade
uh she started liking me but then
um so a little background i grew up like
very christian um
all the way up until like eighth grade
um
and i didn't really learn about like uh
sexual identity all the way until like
seventh grade in middle school because
no one taught me about it
um so she started liking me
and then and then like
we used to exchange letters like
even though we saw each other every day
uh
and i thought it was like a friend thing
but like
clearly it was not um
and then made it clear that it wasn't
well i mean like i don't think
friends really exchange like
two to three pages of letter every day
okay but i guess i thought that true um
so one day it's like actually a pretty
cool friendship
yeah if there was a friendship like that
but anyway i don't mean to derail you
sorry
yeah i kind of miss her but like
so there's that and then just a little
bit
just um and then she
she liked me so one day she gave me like
a love letter and then
i i checked it when i got home
and uh i
i was smiling a lot when i read it for
some reason
but then like i told my mom about it
and uh because my mom and i are pretty
close
uh or like back then we were still
i mean yeah we were close uh
but then she was like i don't know she
she had this weird reaction
where she was like oh you know like it's
probably just as a friend or something
uh and she told me that like she like
she liked girls when she was young too
but it was just like
confusion and she like she basically
told me
like you're probably a bit confused and
so she and i was like
and then she told me that i shouldn't
like stay friends with people like that
because they'll
confuse me more so i was like
really confused um
it's a common state for middle schoolers
yes
confused and scared um
but and then so i got the letter and
then
uh i had the exchange with my mom and
i had this weird
like and i started like
realizing i'm seeing this girl the same
way as i see a dude
uh so then i got really scared for some
reason
i still don't know why uh
so i got really scared and then and i
did
the worst thing possible and i just
started avoiding her
uh in true middle school fashion
so we avoided each i avoided her
and then she tried to confront me once
but then i like ran away like quite
literally
so we stopped being friends but then
like
a few other people started thinking i
was homophobic
so i was like oh no and i tried to tell
them i wasn't
but like you know they
they kind of didn't want to hear me so
so that happened
and then this was in eighth grade
and then i got really depressed after
sunny
after i tried to commit like
suicide and then
uh i got really depressed and
i really missed be like
i really missed befriend so i wanted to
like
talk to her again right so i started
messaging her and then talking to her
again before high school
started without having
uh ever apologized to her
uh and like
and like that was like my first mistake
and then and
this is where things get like kind of
shitty
and like yeah okay
but how's your nervousness by the way
right now like up the roof and gone
up through like
through the roof and god okay
keep going so you said okay and things
get really bad
okay so then if i really bad i just mean
like
now i make a lot of actual shitty
mistakes
uh and then i realized in
my freshman year of high school that i
liked her a lot
uh like in a non-straight way
so i was really confused about that uh
and then she but
at the time when i realized i liked her
she had a girlfriend
so so i
i knew about them and i like supported
them too
i like you know
uh like this one time b told me to like
he asked me if like i could get
chocolates for her girlfriend and then
she would pay me back
so i agreed to that um
like stuff like that uh
so then i started liking her and then
uh i really wanted to tell
her because like things were
getting a bit like too hard for me to
handle
what was getting hard for you to handle
like i felt like
i had to tell her because
um it was
getting in the way of like me
functioning normally around her
so
maybe i was
um yeah but then like she had a
girlfriend so
you're not really supposed to do that
but like
i did uh you're not supposed to do what
like fall in love with people who are in
relationships
yeah okay
okay so then i told her about it
but i told her that i i wasn't trying to
do anything i just wanted to like
her to acknowledge it and then tell me
like it can't happen
and tell me to move on which is which is
what she told me so like
so then i was like okay um oh sorry guys
so you did share with her and she said
i'm sorry i'm with someone i want you to
move on
yeah okay and then i was like okay now
we can be
friends again um but like
uh i found this out way later but
she told me i mean no she
uh when i told her about it she told her
girlfriend
and then they had a fight and broke up
uh so
so then b started ignoring me
uh and then that got me really anxious
uh because like yeah and then
so after her ignoring me for two weeks
like
i confronted her about it i was like hey
like could you just like please talk to
me
i'm sorry if i did something wrong
because i didn't know she told her
girlfriend that they
yeah so
uh so i confronted her and this was in
the middle school lunch cafeteria we
were
in the middle school yeah uh
well we were there for a class um
but like we were there right and people
are relatively
quiet so it's just me and her talking
uh because we had a sub
that day and like i remember i was
asking her hey what did i do wrong like
could you please tell me
and stuff like that and then she told me
that
uh she told me that
she never really like liked me from the
beginning and that uh
and that uh she was tired of hearing me
like talk about being depressed all the
time
and that i was making people around me
like
tired and stuff so
that was like our last conversation
before freshman year ended and then and
then i moved
uh
yeah and then okay
we actually did talk though on like
the phone and stuff
after after that like two years later
but it was just like
i don't really remember how it went but
we did talk but
we don't really talk we haven't talked
at all
for three years four years
five years yeah okay so
if i'm doing mental math then you're in
your early twenties
ballpark
mom i'm in a class
class
i'm 18.
yeah i'm in college i might i'm in my
freshman year of college
okay hence why i'm talking about middle
school drop
but uh yeah so
okay yeah that's it what are you
studying
uh i'm in this program where i choose my
major
two years later so i'm just studying
like
philosophy and stuff right now in the
meantime
your basics yeah basic stuff yeah okay
i'm thinking is that cool yeah no go
yeah can we just check in like how
you seem even though you say your
anxieties through the roof i get the
sense that you're actually like
more relaxed i am
yeah my heart is like not beating a lot
anymore so that's really good
okay um
how does it feel so you remember there
was that part of you that didn't want
you to speak
and how does that part feel right now
it's not saying anything right now but i
feel like
yeah but i feel like later on i'll
probably think why'd i do that
or something yep yeah so so i i think
that's also an important point that i
want to make is that
the parts of us so if we think about
anxiety
right anxiety like is a fear of the
future
it's afraid of what's going to happen
and then often times if we can actually
like overcome that hump
the actual reality is not what we
pictured
and our our brain is designed to imagine
bad things to keep us from doing
catastrophic make catastrophic mistakes
so it makes the things that we imagine
in the future actually be amplified
which is like evolutionary it's not
you know if i run across a snake in the
wilderness
and my brain is like well chances are if
i get bit it'll hurt a lot
and i'll be like out like we think about
death like our brain teaches us to fear
death and we take
dangers and then we actually amplify
them which is what it's supposed to do
but i want you to just notice that
because many i think a lot of times
going forward if you want to move
past your that voice in your head
all you've got to do is like get over
the hump but i know it's going to come
back it's definitely going to come back
but i just kind of wanted to point that
out so
yeah so i mean did other stuff continue
to happen in high school are there other
things that sort of
affected your self-esteem um
high school was like mentally i was
worse than i was in middle school but
like
nothing was actually like going on if
that makes sense
yeah what do you mean by mentally you
were worse like i wasn't
like sometimes i just couldn't go to
school even after i moved
out of the old one uh
uh like i was crying a lot
then i wanted to isolate myself a lot
and like you know uh
my grades went down a lot in freshman
year so
sophomore junior and senior was just me
trying to get them up
because my parents wanted them up so
oh yeah but like besides that like it
was just
me in my head rethinking uh
that things from middle school and
freshman year of high school over and
over again
so so you were you were replaying that
stuff
yeah okay a lot
okay can i share some thoughts with you
sure
so first of all good job today
um just a reminder that this is not
therapy right we're just talking about
your past
yeah um i'm glad you you do have
uh treat like a treatment team right um
so let so a lot of times
what we explore with people is where the
origins
of their beliefs about themselves come
from so the first thing
to understand this sounds kind of weird
but like you know when we were talking
earlier about reassurance and like you
feel basically like you're not a good
person
and that you burden people and that like
your hurt like
trickles out like almost like secondhand
smoke and then like
pollutes like yeah people's lives around
you right like your presence is like
you know it's like you're peeing in the
swimming pool and everyone else is in
the swimming pool and then like
oh no oh no
yeah um
so so that that's what i'm getting from
you is that you really feel like a
burden you feel like
you're not a good person you feel like
you mess up other people's lives by your
presence
and so what most people do is they would
reassure you right and they'd say like
no minnie like you're an amazing person
like you're beautiful
you're a force for positivity why'd you
say that in the british accent
like the british
because i'm i'm trying to poke fun at it
but but you know people will say oh
you know you're an amazing person i i do
think you are an amazing person
um i i actually i'm really optimistic
for you
um yeah and and i'll get to why but
i think the first thing that we've got
to do is that you're not dumb
unfortunately you are quite smart and so
the smarter you are if you have a belief
like this is the problem is that when we
try to when we see someone who's
struggling with a belief
we tell them they're wrong because
that's not what we see
right and so like but that's it's kind
of silly because you're not dumb like
that belief comes from somewhere
i think actually you're justified in
believing that you are a burden to other
people
i don't have i just don't think that
that's the whole story so let's just
take a step back and think about being a
burden
so the first thing is that we do burden
on other people
like that's true right so like if i'm
having a bad day and like i'm moody
like that's gonna affect my kids
right it's gonna affect my wife if my
wife is having a bad day my kids are
like you do affect the people around you
and sometimes you can affect the people
around you in a negative way like that's
not
false um i also think that i know this
is gonna sound crazy
but i i do think that you know if you
are sad and depressed
that it negatively affects the people
around you
i don't i i know it's weird so be
careful here because
i mean i i don't know how else to say it
but like when one person is depressed
like as a psychiatrist i work with
people who are depressed it's really
hard on their families
that's a fact now
even though that's true we have to ask
another question which is equally
important i think this is the question
you need to ask yourself
is it okay to do that
i don't i don't feel like
no okay like i i feel like
even though i know objectively that
they're my family because they are there
to support me
through hard times like like
on the inside like i really feel like
i shouldn't yep
so i get that right and
and see we said you're smart because you
know what the right answer is
and you're like i disagree with the
right answer which is entirely
acceptable
that is where i think you frankly we
you know we need to work on your beliefs
about what the world is and what human
beings deserve from one another
because i do think that's okay because i
think that's how life
works like i think it's i just don't see
how else
you know when i'm having a bad day i'm
gonna burden the people around me
and when other people are having a bad
day they're gonna burden me that
you know life is a multiplayer game it's
not a single player game and that
on any given day one of us is screwing
up
right now this is where you say like
okay fine even that's true the problem
is that i screw up more than everyone
else
right wait i'm like scared because you
just thought of what i was thinking
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
that's what we do here right
so like you say like in theory
fine you know i get to burden my parents
sometimes my parents get to burden me
but it's me burdening them all the
[ __ ] time
so it's not fair and that makes it not
okay because if it was even
fine okay
so this is why i think it's great that
you're 18. because you're just getting
started
there are gonna be a lot of people that
get to burden you down the road and my
hope is that actually as you
as you continue to grow like and is
just put more years under your belt
you'll begin to see and i hope that
you're able to see now we have to be
tricky because this is where cognitive
bias comes in
because you may not be able to
appreciate because you're so stuck in
your own head
that other people lean on you too
so i'd give it a couple of years but
we'll we'll get to that
eventually yep yeah
so i i think that you're gonna be
i honestly many and this may hurt you
here and hopefully i can repair this
damage a little bit
i think you're going to be a burden on
people for a couple more years because i
think that's what children
are like i don't know how to say this
huh but i'm 18. yeah i still think of
y'all as kids
and that's not it's it i don't try to be
condescending
yeah but like i know i mean i [ __ ]
wasn't anywhere near an adult when i was
18.
i i earned my first real paycheck at the
age of 32.
like i you know i i just i was a late
bloomer like literally 14 years is like
14 years later is when i started
becoming a self
like sufficient adult where i could pay
my own bills and stuff like that
and it's just it just takes time
right so like we don't we don't actually
consider 18 i mean we consider 18 year
olds adults but if you're in near us
you're not allowed to drink
right you're still actually in education
you're just starting your
final base of education potentially
and so so i think it's just you know
you're not going to be like
as productive like you'll be a far more
productive member of society at 30 than
you are at 18.
that's just a fact it doesn't mean that
18 year olds can't be productive adults
i'm not saying that but i'm just like
give yourself a little bit of time
um the next thing is that we've got to
think a little bit about like
where your belief that you're a burden
comes from and this is what i love about
your story is because we actually
already have the answer you usually have
to dig around for with people but
where when did you start believing that
you were a burden to the people around
you
like when i started getting depressed
which was eighth grade yeah i i don't
even think that's it
so i think it really comes from when the
woman that you were in love with told
you that you're a burden to other people
and that you ruined their lives
i don't know if it was love okay sure
sure as hell sounds like it from my
perspective
and maybe it wasn't i mean i'm in a
relationship right now
okay okay sorry
i mean no it's okay i i mean it sounds
like a [ __ ] rom-com
mini it's a story out of a rom-com
i don't i'm not trying to you know mess
up your life but
yeah yeah you know i mean like it sounds
like you guys had a real connection
whether it's like
you know whether it's like friendship
love or romantic love or something in
between
it sounds like you guys genuinely cared
for each other in a very deep way
yeah you know i mean even if if there
wasn't romantic love or it really wasn't
romantic love like whatever there's
there's clearly like some i mean you
like you said
it's not common for seventh or eighth
graders to write each other two to three
page letters on a daily basis
yeah i don't know what you call that
i would just call it a deep connection
of which i think the word
love approximates the best
and and if we think about it like you
know what does it do to someone when
they care about someone so much when
someone is so important to them
and to hear those kinds of words from
her
like what did it feel like when she said
that
like the exaggeration but also not
really
but my like my physical
chest area hurt when i heard that
like i started crying and then like
felt like my
heart was like breaking and stuff
literally yeah yeah
right so and i hate to say this many
you've been a little bit broken ever
since
and and because that's the thing is like
like when you say you should have gotten
over it like you haven't gotten over it
and like no wonder you feel like a
burden because
you know it sounds like in some ways and
so you're
you're down playing things so i'm gonna
amplify things and the truth is probably
somewhere in the middle
so like probably one of the most
important people in the world to you
or maybe the most important person in
the world to you tells you that you're a
burden
and you ruin the lives of people around
you
and then you said that your heart was
breaking literally okay
so like like if we think about it you
know where a lot of these thoughts
coming from
it's like because she told you that
right like you learned that lesson about
yourself
and it dug it like sunk in really deep
and then you sort of had this belief and
it sounds like it may have started
before that even like when you started
to get depressed
and stuff but if i were to say you know
it's kind of like
maybe there were some cracks but like
that was the shattering
yeah yeah right so
and so and so if we think about it you
know if you really want to heal
like it has to be through that
experience
and there are even signs like more from
like a psychological or even
neuroscientific perspective
that that was this the seminal event and
the reason that i say that is because
you remember that there was a substitute
teacher that day
so if we look at memory
memory is tied to importance
right people like what do you remember
like do you remember what you had for
lunch
on october 28 2014
no of course not right it's completely
unimportant
but people remember where they were
during 9 11.
you remember you were in the cafeteria
for a class
with a substitute teacher and so like
what that tells me is that
moment in time sunk
deep into your mind like it's frozen
it's like a perfect picture
and even like when you think about it
like the picture in your mind is so
vivid that even
thinking about it brings up emotions
brings up thoughts it's like this whole
whirlwind of stuff
and so now what that is is like it's
sitting in your unconscious or
subconscious mind
and it's generating the energy of that
moment is generating these thoughts
it's like a projector that's like
putting stuff up into your mind and like
the projector is over here
but what you see is over here and this
is what where you are right now but you
don't realize
that it's all coming from like this
experience
right because that's like like it's
interesting because even the language
that we
talked about before hearing her words
are like almost identical to her words
right the way that you think about
yourself is a burden is polluting the
people around you
everything you touch turns to ash
you're like a plague right
yeah and so
now the question with me questions
thoughts yeah
comments uh
how dare you oh my god how dare i go to
the bathroom i know
i'll be back she's learning chat
she's learning how to troll us back
welcome back minnie
hi how you feeling
you know like less nervous
definitely okay
yeah so um
let me just offer you a couple of
directions okay
so one is uh you know we can talk a
little bit more about
the some scar or like this ball of
undigested emotion
that i think generates these negative
thoughts
we can also just talk a little bit about
uh you know some of the other thoughts
that you have
we can talk some about your parents or
kind of how you feel day to day what
what would you like to do
um i guess i could
talk about my day-to-day
yeah can you tell us about that um
so when i
when i started therapy in like ninth
grade
i was a mess like grades were down
uh couldn't get out of bed not going to
school isolating all that stuff uh
and
um so like day to day back then was like
terrible right but then
i did therapy and i moved schools and
everything and then
i realized i was definitely getting
better like going to school again um
grades are better or like
you know but then
but then like oh and then the panic
attacks got
less now i only have it like maybe once
every two months but
uh i realized recently that
when something bad happens
i like go straight back to when i was in
ninth grade and freshman year
like i'm back to not getting out of bed
and like
feeling like i'll never get better and
stuff like that
yeah what thoughts
oh yeah oh god god
so it's just like a constant cycle of
like
better and then not then better or not
yeah how does it how does it feel to be
getting better and worse all the time
yo-yoing exhausting
i can imagine exhausting and
uh kind of
of like the burden thing again
where i feel like i wish i could be this
perfect friend or
daughter to like and be stable
but i'm not so yeah
i can imagine that you're okay accepting
other people's help
if you actually got better yeah
but it feels like a waste to you because
you lose all that ground
are you a good daughter
no no i don't think so okay
help us understand that
uh so when i was little
like like
all the way until before middle school
i was really
i was really happy all the time like
most of the time
uh like i really enjoyed doing things
like
reading books or whatever uh
and stuff like that
and i was really happy most of the time
and i think my parents were glad that
i was like that because i have a brother
and he was really hard to deal with
for a while all the way until he got
into college um
like me and my brother are kind of
opposites
so he's like i
i perceive myself as pretty social
and i like feed off of um socializing
with people
because it makes me happy um
but like for my brother
uh he has a hard time socializing with
people
he's a bit like he's more the odd one
out of the
our family so my
parents kind of my parents kind of hate
him
and like i
i learned that like if i don't want to
be hated by my parents i kind of have to
be the opposite of him
even though i already was
uh so
sorry i lost my train of thought
that's great pick it up go ahead
why do your parents hate your brother
it's really like when we were
little like we're four years apart so
like when i was in
when i was six and he was like 10
uh they would fight a lot they fought
all the way until he was at the end of
his high school
years they always fought about like
grades or like they even thought about
him being bullied
uh being i don't know why yeah when he
was in
like when he was in
elementary school like he used to get
bullied
by his classmates it's a part of why we
moved from korea to here
but so yeah
they used to fight a lot and then
whenever they fought i would like
i like hide under the dining room table
and i just like
close my ears uh
and then and then i learned to hate him
my brother for a long time
because sometimes
like fights would get violent and then
sometimes
i would try to stop them but i was like
six you know so
uh yeah
uh or like 12 or i don't know
all the ages um
so like i learned to hate him because i
saw that my parents
were hating him and i kind of just hated
him because he was
really we didn't talk a lot
either but whenever we did i always felt
like i always felt like he was the one
causing troubles for
family uh but then like
but then i became depressed in eighth
grade
and then i started becoming the
troublemaker of the family
uh so then my parents were like
what the [ __ ] you're supposed to be the
good one
um what did they say to you
like my parents mhm
i mean they said a lot of things but
sometimes they're like really
supportive and stuff but
sometimes when we would fight when i was
depressed like they would say stuff like
like why are you getting any better or
like
or like i don't know
uh like you're
weighing our family business down
because my parents do business
and they were telling me that because i
was depressed like they were depressed
so they couldn't do
work or something uh
oh yeah yeah yeah they did oh
oh how wonderful um
oh that's all
class um
yeah but
at the same time like
like they did say some really mean
things
but i feel like it was out of like
like they had reasons for it yep yeah
they are bad people i really love them
i don't think they're bad people
they were just tired too and they didn't
understand why i wasn't getting along
with
my brother either uh
because whenever we talked we would
fight so
and what's your understanding what's
your understanding of why y'all would
fight so much
um he's done a lot of
mean things to me also
but like to my parents
as well and then whenever we would
go like whenever we would go somewhere
as a family
he would be troublesome socially so i
kind of had to cover for him what does
that mean troublesome socially
like so let's say my family was having a
dinner with like
a family friend right
so we'd be eating and talking
then my brother would like not really
get the social cues and talk about
whatever
he wanted to do or like or just do
just little things that would be like ha
to the guest but for
us we were like stop that um
so i would try to like sound cover
afraid of him embarrassing you yeah
we were we were and i was making the
family look bad
yeah we were and then i was also
scared that
i don't know yeah i was also scared that
like
they would look down on my brother
because like there were incidents where
he actually escalated into a fight with
like other people
outside of her family and that's when i
was like
no he can't do that uh
so it's just like you know
but he like mellowed down in high school
he's still a prick but like uh
we don't fight a lot anymore
i actually had like a semi heart
to heart with him in like like
a few months ago and i was just trying
to understand that like
he was really like he told me he was
really
depressed in middle school and like when
he was younger
and he was dealing with a lot too uh
so i like i remember asking
my parents to get hymn therapy
when we were in high school
yeah uh sorry that was tangent
it's a beautiful one
i'm gonna just try to take this in yes
go ahead
what do you talk about in therapy
the same thing i talked about here
okay and then a little bit more about
like
other stuff but you know yeah basically
but you your therapists know that for
example like you had this
when you grew up like you would hide
under a table and cover your ears when
your parents were
in a fight with your brother yeah
and what are your their how does that
conversation go in therapy
it depended on who it was but like
all six therapists like let's say
there's an hour in a session right
it's usually like 40 minutes of me
talking and then
20 minutes sometime talking or less
so it was just me talking a lot
and then giving advice like breathe or
something
which is good but
what do you want to hear
what's wrong with me because i always
hear
people reassure me that there's nothing
wrong with me but like
clearly
what makes it clear that something's
wrong with you can you hear me
um hi so you want to hear what's wrong
with you
and they won't tell you
why sorry and they won't tell you what's
wrong with you
yeah okay well except for my friend
and what did she say he tells me that
i'm self-sabotaging a lot what does that
mean which
like telling myself that i'm not good
enough for
like i'm burning people and stuff like
that
and i hear her but i don't know what to
do with it
okay sorry i had a message from
someone okay and then
do you if you could change something
if i could wave a magic wand and change
something about your life what would you
change
um
i want my
this is going to sound real bad but i
would
want my brother
okay how does it feel to say that
i feel really
and why do you want him gone
flake
i don't know i often think about what it
would have been like if
i was like
holy child and what do you envision if
you were an only child
like less pain from what he does
do you sometimes wonder if you would be
normal if he wasn't around
yeah and i know
i know that's not true because how do
you know that's not true
because like he's not like that anymore
or a lot less like that and my life's
still
kind of you know so
hmm
minnie this is going to be tricky they
do something wrong
nope not at all
all right it's just
testing
you're the raid boss
people joke about you know you've heard
this meme before in our channel
people like oh my god this person's
going to be the right boss
and no no one expected it to be you
but let's see i know how does it feel to
be the raid boss
i'm sorry guys what are you sorry for
for being a raid whose fault is that
i'm not sure sure you are
my
do you see the cycle it keeps going
what's the cycle pointed out to me
uh so like it's like
oh there's a problem i blame myself
uh but then like someone tells me i'm
not
and i kind of believe it but then
there's a problem again
i play myself yeah very good
right and so i know this is going to
sound weird
but where can we break that cycle
there's a problem i blame myself
people tell me it's not my fault i sort
of believe it there's a problem where do
we break that cycle
the blaming part nope that's what you
would think
that's what you would think what do you
want
when i asked you what you wanted what's
your answer minnie
um do you remember what you said
what do you want from therapy
to to be more
less self-doubting no no no no see these
are all the [ __ ] answers
the real answer was you wanted you want
your therapist to tell you what's wrong
with you
oh yeah yeah yeah sorry i forgot so the
real problem with the cycle
is not there's a problem and i blame
myself because that shit's gonna happen
you're gonna blame yourself
right you can't stop that what we need
to change is the reassurance
what we need to do is tell you what's
wrong with you that's what you want
and that's what we need to do
because that's what they don't do right
and then the problem is that like when
they reassure you
it covers up the problem
but it doesn't actually solve anything
and so the cycle continues
right and so actually what we needed and
the reason you're the raid boss is
because
i'm gonna have to tell you why you're
the problem okay
because that's what you want so it's
what you gotta hear but before we do
that
before we do that how do you feel do you
feel anxious when i say things like that
yeah yeah oh my god and what are you
afraid i'm gonna say
ah you suck or something yeah i don't
think you suck i think you're awesome
okay um but i i do think it's
it's really challenging right because if
we don't
if we don't accept responsibility for
our situation we also have no power to
change it
it's like a really tricky double-edged
sword and i think in a bizarre way the
reason that you aren't changing is
because
people sort of take that away from you
and it's actually what you want you want
you want to hear like why
you're the problem and i think you're
we'll get there in a second
but i don't think it's going to be what
you think it is but it is actually going
to be a problem
so it's just gonna be hard that's what's
tricky so let me start with this
when your friend told you what she said
that day in the cafeteria
where were those words coming from
like when she says you're a burden and
you make everyone else's life around you
worse where are those words coming from
within her
from the things i did
not really sort of right so like if we
think about like
let me ask you this was she like of calm
and tranquil mind when she was
explaining this to you
no where what was she feeling in that
moment
anger yep and so like
the words were coming from a place of
hurt
does that make sense yeah
and so this is important to understand
because like even though
hurtful words can be true they're
incomplete
right and this is the problem with like
hearing what's wrong with you
a mini is that i'll tell you what's
wrong with you but what i need you to
understand
is that it's incomplete because that's
true right like i mean i mean come on
like
let's just think about what you've said
okay and then let's think about how
reasonable some of your conclusions are
if you find yourself thinking i wish my
brother had never existed
and then you're like i'm kind of an evil
person
and then what are we supposed to say no
you're not
right so the problem here minnie is is
not that you're
wrong the problem is that you're right
the bigger problem is that it's
incomplete
because what i want you to understand is
that in the same way
like do you believe like what do you
think that friend what do you think b
thinks about you as a complete person
she used to tell me that i was really
like
i made her happy yep yeah and that i was
really
fun to be around yeah yeah
right so that makes sense to me it makes
sense to me that you caused her a lot of
pain
and you brought her a lot of happiness
the problem is that in the in the
moments in the screenshots that your
mind
took it like
you know took way more or way bigger
screenshots of the negative moments in
your life as opposed to the positive
moments
and that's not your fault that's
literally the way that our brain is
wired
so our brain if you go to a restaurant
and you eat there 10 times and it's
really really yummy
you remember those 10 times pretty well
if you go there the 11th time and you
get food poisoning
what does your brain remember about the
restaurant
i had food poisoning okay at that
yeah exactly right so that's what's
happened in your life and if we really
look at it
it's not that it's false that you had a
bad experience at the restaurant it's
not
wrong to believe that it's just
incomplete
and so in the same way that your friends
can you sort of
understand and let me know like if you
rebel against this internally because i
can kind of read your mind but i can't
read this next part
okay so i need so if i were to tell you
that your friend
what she said about you wasn't untrue
but at that that it came from a place of
like hurt
and was incomplete
what do you think about that
i i agree okay
so then what you have to do this is the
hard part
is that like i can imagine if you're a
six-year-old
and it sounds like there's an argument
and maybe even like a physical
altercation between your parents and
your brother
and you're six years old and you just
want to play with what did you play with
when you were six years old um
like a nintendo 3. okay so you're just
playing nintendo
and then that's what i played when i was
62.
um and uh you know you're just sitting
there playing your nintendo and this
like altercation breaks out
and then like they're yelling and then
you have to like like that child is like
afraid
and then the child runs under a table
and covers their ears and what do they
when a child covers their ears what do
they want
what are they thinking in their head
they wanted to stop absolutely
i just want to stop and if you're a
six-year-old
and you want to stop what do you see is
the problem
well in my case like my brother
absolutely right it's a six-year-old's
thought
like the six-year-old does it just like
i just wanted to stop i want him to go
away
because you're not dumb and when he
comes like when you're
if you stay at home from school and he's
not around you get to play on your
nintendo
and when he shows up
your parents and him get into it and
then your parents
their parents and you sort of get that
like even as a six-year-old you're like
my parents know what's up
right like that's how we think like we
think that our parents like know what's
going on
and so then your parents hate him
and they say certain things to him and
then you just know that when he's around
like
it's a mess and so you just want him to
go away you want him to never exist
it's the thought of a six-year-old
completely appropriate does it make you
an evil person
i don't think so is it an evil thought
absolutely
and this is where i i think the the real
problem many that you run into is that i
think that the
the bad thoughts that you have about
yourself are actually true
it's just just because you have an evil
thought
even if you really want it and evil even
if you really believe it on some level
doesn't make you an evil person that's
the jump that you need to stop making
because i have an evil thought i am an
evil person
because i burden people around me i am a
burden
do you see the difference in those two
statements
one is like an identity and then the
problem is once you
make that identity you carry it with you
wherever you go
and then you get into cognitive bias but
if you have like bad thoughts is it an
[ __ ] thought to like wish that your
brother didn't exist
sure and here's the crazy thing
i think it's okay for you to have that
thought
because i think that that thought comes
from a place of just wanting it to end
and when you're six years old the world
is not a complicated place
it's just like uh because six-year-olds
have like magical thinking and they're
like
if i waved a magic wand and made my
brother go away imagine how
simpler my life would be and then each
time you have that thought each time you
guys go to some
friend's house and i'm assuming they're
korean
and you guys go to some like you know
because it's like social [ __ ]
right yeah and then like in the korean
community you guys are viewed as like
rejects because you've got this brother
who gets into fights with people when
you guys go to dinner
and there's a lot of family shame
because that's what we do in east asia
and south asia
and all over the rest of the world too
but i think it seems to be more powerful
nowadays it lingers better in these
cultures
where it's about community and family
over individuality there's a whole
different system
of worth your worth as a human being is
not based on who you are
it's based on your family
thoughts responses questions
okay so what's wrong with you i think
that
uh a lot of the things that you think
about yourself happen to be true
so i some of them i don't think are true
but i think that you do burden people
around you
i do think that it's an evil thought to
wish that your brother never existed
i think actually what's wrong with you
is that you define
your identity based on those thoughts
but they're just thoughts like i had a
thought about a unicorn
doesn't make the unicorn real
right it's just a thought our mind just
thinks all kinds of weird stuff
and i think it's okay for you to like
acknowledge that you're a burden but i
also think you need to like really think
about
you know when people say that you're a
burden
to understand that like that's coming
from like a dark place inside them and
like we can't
let the dark places and each of us
define what the world is
because if your friend thinks you're a
burden and you think you're a burden
then like that's a bleak pace but you're
more than a burden right
you're someone who brought her happiness
and you're someone who brought her joy
and you're someone who like
you know taught her what love is if we
want to get corny
and and you know i know you're in a
relationship now so sorry about that
you know i can't help myself for the
memes
i do it for the music
but but i mean seriously like i i think
that the problem in here is that
what's wrong with you is that you don't
see that you're more than your
worst parts that's the real problem i
don't dispute that you have
bad parts i just don't think that that's
all of you right and and the other thing
is that i
forgive you for having
the bad parts of you that you do because
i think it's understandable like what do
you expect
what do you expect a six-year-old to
want to do when they have a brother who
comes home and fights with their parents
all the time
right and if your parents start hating
him you're just gonna learn so it's like
is it wrong to hate him yes do you hate
him
yes is that bad yes
does it make you a bad person no
right like in fact many what i think is
actually really amazing is that
you recognize like there's a part of you
that fights against all these thoughts
and feelings
right there's a part of you that makes
you the reason that having the thought
is fine what would really make you evil
is if you didn't think you were evil for
having the thought
right that's what makes you good is like
the fact that you feel guilty
is like what makes you a good person
yeah and then in terms of you know being
a burden like i think that's gonna get
better and i think that
frankly your parents sort of made some
potential mistakes here now i'm not
trying to bash your parents i know that
you haven't painted a
really you know rosy picture of them but
i think let's all be
clear and fair that i think your parents
are seem like actually really good
people
it seems like they did the best that
they could you know they grew up in a
particular culture where like
there's a lot of shame around mental
health and like that's just what they
grew up with so like let's not blame
them for it that's the whole thing
it's like are we going to blame people
for like what they grew up with
and if you're going to forgive your
parents for what they grew up with and
you're going to be understanding for
them you should be understanding for
yourself
now be careful because i'm not saying
you're wrong i'm just saying you need to
be more understanding to yourself
right you get a pass is what i'm saying
you have an excuse i don't it doesn't
count
how do you feel about that
i'm unsure i'll take it
like like i hear what you're saying
and i agree give me the butt like
but the little the little
mini me inside me is like but is that
pass okay
or something yep so so that's the
question that i think you should answer
right
is is d so who determines whether the
pass is okay
yeah so that's your choice to make
and i hope that you conclude that it is
okay
i hope that you can learn how to forgive
yourself
for the person that you are
and i hope that you can forgive be for
hurting you
and i hope that you can forgive your
brother
for all the disharmony he has caused
right because that's his real problem is
he's like disharmonious
yeah and and give yourself time minnie
and there may be like forgiveness for
your parents too somewhere in there but
like
you have to i if you're unsure like i'll
take it i think that's as far as we're
gonna get today like i don't okay you
know
you know i i think that i'm i'm actually
really happy with that
because i was gonna say sorry but then i
realized
no i'm not sorry
okay good walk us through that
oh cause like when you said i think
we're gonna end
with unsure i was like oh but
i want to give a better definite answer
so i'm
sorry but then i realized like
no that's what i'm here for absolutely
right that's great
you did it you gave the good answer even
in the end
so either either you're a really good
scam artist and you figure that out but
if that's actually what happened in your
mind minnie that's
that's actually what we want right is we
want you to observe like
oh it's your fault no it's like like
it's actually perfect because what
you're saying is that
yeah i didn't do what i was supposed to
do i'm not transformed
and i don't need to apologize for that
[ __ ]
that's exactly what i'm telling you like
that's like living exactly what i'm
telling you
is that own that you didn't get there
all the way
own that you are a burden to people
own that you do have evil thoughts
and also own that it sounds like you
care and love about
you care and love your brother
that you really do care about him a lot
that you guys are rebuilding a
relationship
right and like that's exactly what i'm
talking about if you can stop yourself
from saying i'm sorry that's perfect
because it's where you are and like
that's totally cool oh no you didn't
come all the way oh my god
how dare you yeah
but that's absolutely right how dare you
good keep daring my friend
you know keep daring to like not be
what you think you should be and not
be what the world wants you to be and
instead
keep daring to be who you are
good and bad [ __ ] up pieces and good
pieces
because i don't think you're perfect
and that's what makes you perfect so
corny
yeah yeah it's [ __ ] cool yeah
yeah and you called me out on it's
beautiful this is who you are
what you can't just let me inspire the
internet you have to call me out on it
come on it's great
right this so many the more
you ready for more corny okay the more
we see of you right like when you shine
through a little bit and you're like
that's so corny like that's actually
beautiful
like the more you shine through with
like you know calling me out on my
[ __ ] and like
the more you put yourself out there the
more that you let us see who you are
i think what we see is really beautiful
like really it's amazing
you're awesome
thank you i'm just gonna let you sit
with that discomfort
we're gonna watch you squirm
we're going to bring the anxiety right
back to where we started the beginning
oh lord
no not the anxiety how does it
feel to be appreciated
feels weird yeah
what's weird about it
that i can like be imperfect
and people are still like that's so cool
or something
i mean that's weird if you think about
it yeah
so that's what i want you to do and i
think it's great that you're willing to
tolerate that discomfort because you've
been
you've become comfortable with your low
self-esteem
yeah right you've been you've become
comfortable with beating yourself
up and blaming yourself and it can
actually be
like uncomfortable to start to love
yourself
and to start to accept other people's
appreciation for who you are
because it's like
it's like icky why can't you just treat
me like a piece of [ __ ] at least i know
what that feels like
oh they'll call me out like that
oh no yeah
but no i'm i'm not going to because i
don't think you are and if it makes you
uncomfortable
tough luck
this is about helping you not making you
feel comfortable
it's about helping you grow thoughts
questions um
no wow you're really cool
see she's [ __ ] i want it this is the
rape boss
i'm telling you guys she's using my own
techniques against me
this is like in the animation so
inspiring
oh my god oh yeah see she's doing it she
knows she's doing it to me
chat no one's done this before i'm
telling you i told you all she was the
rain boss
this is like if you play those video
games where there's a dark mirror
and then you get an evil duplicate of
yourself that you have to fight
oh no that's you
i just never thought that my evil
doppelganger would be an 18 year old
korean girl with bunny ears on
that's when i visited when i envisioned
the raid boss
this is not what i felt
uh but well played minnie well played
no but i mean it though like like you
inspire a lot of people
and that's how i came here so yeah am i
making you uncomfortable
what's wrong with dr k is this
uncomfortable for you
what the [ __ ]
okay yeah i'll concede i'll concede the
uh you can take this round
all right but i'll just yeah i'll i'll
have to come up with some new tricks
so you can't use them against me can't
do
uh can i think for a moment anymore
because i didn't
[Laughter]
it was like i i thought i thought we
were you know i thought this was pve
but you're turning into pvp next time
i'll i'll be good but
listen i i do appreciate you know your
i i was joking a little bit but i
you know i get what you're saying about
me being inspiring and all that
and i appreciate that and i think the
other thing so now i'm gonna
i'm gonna swing back so get ready get
ready for it you're inspiring too
right because like i can't do this on my
own
and actually what's really inspiring
about this is like the people who come
on
and that's what makes this what it is
and it's your
honesty and your authenticity and you're
like willing to share the darkest parts
of yourself that actually makes it
inspiring
thank you [ __ ] she said thank you she
just took it
thank you yeah she's you guys see that
she learned
she's like adapting and growing and
morphing she can just accept it
now and she can just maybe accept the
compliment
and maybe feel better about herself
despite her discomfort
she's learning she's evolving
she is but listen minnie this has been
fantastic do you want to learn about
meditation or we
if we mean ourselves out of that space
would i be taking too much time
or oh there it is you tell me no i won't
i want to do it okay okay but if you
want to
you're allowed to say no but you're not
allowed to say no because it takes too
much time
no i i do want to learn okay okay
so now i gotta now i'm okay i gotta
think about this
i have some water what are we gonna
teach minnie okay
so i want you to sit up straight
okay and then i want you to
put your hands together in front of your
chest like this
and i want your uh elbows to be at like
right angles to the ground so i want
your arms to be straight yeah
so you should feel like tension
um like at the base of your wrists
right so you just feel that tension for
a second and now what i want you to do
you can relax your elbows a little bit
and then pull your hands apart just a
tiny amount
and um i don't know if you're gonna need
to take off
uh pull your sleeves down i actually
don't know if it'll interfere
so close your eyes and i want you to
feel the space between your hands
and you may feel like almost like a
desire to kind of pull them together a
little bit
you may feel like something like you
know warmth between them
and now pull them apart a little bit
more
and feel that warmth expand
it's almost like a fluffy cushion i
don't know if that makes any sense
if it doesn't make any sense just shake
your head no you sort of get whatev
okay [ __ ] all right so do you feel
warmth between your palms
okay now bring them together a little
bit
and just focus on how the warmth changes
now pull them apart a little bit
focus on that warmth between your hands
and then a little bit further
and as you move your hands a little
further apart try to track the warmth
so do you feel it when they're this far
apart
yeah pull them a little bit further
you feel it now
bit further
how about now no
okay good so this is the limit so bring
them in a little bit
now you feel it okay
so now what i want you to do is open
your eyes for a second
i want you to take your left palm
and put your right palm inside it like
this
yep very good and then i want you to put
your arms in your lap
so that's kind of him sit up straight
and close your eyes
and what i want you to do is feel that
warmth coming out of your palm
i want you to breathe
and sort of imagine
almost like a circuit like there's
energy coming into you
either from the top of your head or your
breath
it travels through your arms
in a circuit and kind of out of your
palm
okay
and as you sit just focus on
any of those sensations that grab your
attention
so whether it's the feeling of energy
entering
or it passing through your body
or it coming out of your palms
and as you breathe notice the vitality
within yourself
it's kind of hard to describe but just
notice that you're
alive and there's like
life in there
there's a heartbeat there's breath
there's energy there's sensation
there's heat
and now see if there's darkness
are there ugly parts in there
if you can find something nod your head
yes
and what does that feel like where is it
tell us
like my head okay
what about your head
feels like i'm sweating so
okay
so the darkness is sort of localized in
your head
okay so just notice it that's where it
is
and now as you breathe in breathe in
through your nose
and breathe into that darkness
and it's kind of like almost like a
sticky smoke
kind of thing and then breathe into it
and you're probably kind of pumping
fresh air in and as you breathe out let
that out
and now i want you to
set that aside for a moment and focus on
the rest of your being once again on the
sensation of energy entering your body
traveling through the circuits of your
arms and coming out of your
palms
and notice that even though there is a
dark patch
within you that there's a lot of you
that isn't dark
and that this is who you are not all bad
not all good
that if you give yourself the time if
you give yourself the space
and if you're patient with yourself
what you really are will start to shine
through
and think about the difference between
the way that you feel now
and the way that you feel when that
darkness dominates your body
and when you can't get out of bed
that it's okay to be disappointed that
you always go back to square one
but then even if you do go back to
square one
that you still have this buoyancy of
life and vitality that pulls you out of
it
and just let yourself be with that
vitality for now
and now one last breath
really deep and then really slow as you
exhale
when you're ready open your eyes
what's behind the smile this time
i'm really sweaty
like sweaty where
where like my forehead
is that new no i think i'm just like
like temperature temperature-wise hot
right now
i mean i've i've heard a lot of things
in meditation and people having
reactions i've never heard people
get sweaty so i was like threw me for a
loop
i also kept like hearing my heartbeat
and whenever i hear my heartbeat i get
really
anxious but this time like it wasn't
anxious so i don't know what that
is but i'll take it
i'll take i'll take whatever you're
willing to give raid boss
wow no but seriously so so so i i think
that's important
okay so minnie i think that you know as
you learn how to be comfortable
with your heartbeat right that you you
can listen to your heartbeat it used to
be anxiety provoking but that you can
also like tap into it and find like
a regularity and a calmness to it
and just zone in on your heartbeat if
the circuits of energy and [ __ ] like
that doesn't mean anything to you you
can just focus on your heartbeat
and and just sit with yourself because
here's the thing
like for the most part i don't know if
this makes sense or not but like what
you sat with is not like a bad person
they're not a stain on the earth
like it's just not what you are does
that make sense
yeah and and so you just need to spend
more time with that person
because right now the biggest problem is
that you spend
a lot of time with the most negative
parts of yourself
we're not saying that they're not real
it's just
you know the the tv is just stuck on
that channel
and there's so many other channels and
so give yourself the benefit of
of sitting with the part of you that is
awesome and the one that
you know took a win off of dr k
because that's rare i'm so happy
see like she's not even embarrassed by
it like oh my god
okay all right any last thoughts or
questions before we wrap up minnie
thank you for having me you're so cool
dr
k you're so cool minnie it was awesome
you came on i'm thrilled you did really
it was a lot of fun thank you
and good luck to you thank you